Update README.md (#3)
roboticeyes/upm-rex-rexfile-io: README.md

MeshFilter[] meshesToWrite;
...
byte[] rexFile = RexConverter.Instance.GenerateRexFile (meshesToWrite);
```

### What is REX?
- REX is an Augmented Reality platform. [Find out more about REX](https://github.com/roboticeyes/openrex)

> - REX data format is our own data format to store REX-relevant information efficiently. [Have a look at the specification](https://github.com/roboticeyes/openrex/blob/master/doc/rex-spec-v1.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- REX data format is our open source file format to store REX-relevant information efficiently. [Have a look at the specification](https://github.com/roboticeyes/openrex/blob/master/doc/rex-spec-v1.md)
```
